they're trying to use AA to save on
costs if you can get your cost down and
your production up it's a win-win more
profit more traffic it it's not just
going to stop with
Insider you can probably do a lot on
your own now without even raising a
dollar all right so we are going to talk
about how inside is starting to
experiment with AI they're basically
starting like a little Skunk Works me
and Skunk Works is usually like you have
a team that is designed to disrupt what
you're currently doing as a company and
starting Thursday members of insiders
newsrooms can apply to be a part of the
working group that will test different
ways to leverage AI across all of
Insider journalism products they're
trying to use AI to save on costs if you
end up using AI you can get more done
from your people especially when it
comes to a business that's heavily
relying on content creation if you can
get your cost down and your production
up you in theory should get more traffic
it's a win-win more profit more traffic
so what's going to happen the kids I'm
quoting right now the young people
they're going to learn AI very quickly
they're going to adapt and what's going
to happen companies are incentivized to
want to cut on cost to be to drive
profitability especially if they have
investors so it is what it is we're
going to see a lot more of this yeah and
it's not just going to stop with things
like in Insider using it to figure out
how to create more content it's going to
be used with marketing agencies or even
companies being like huh we pay this big
team to analyze our analytics on a daily
basis we can use AI to figure out a lot
of this stuff and instead of having a
team of 20 to do this we can have a team
of three or they're going to be like huh
we have all these graphic designers and
creative people cranking out content for
social media for us now with all these
tools like uh mid Journey we can end up
doing five times the amount of work with
a fraction of the people so now we're
going to you know weed down our creative
Department to just one or two people
because what you'll see is these tools
are going to help companies get more
output with their marketing and they're
going to be able to do that in a more
cost-efficient way which is going to
increase margins I believe the way we do
business is going to change
fundamentally so one you would see
companies with thousands of people maybe
it's down to hundreds or maybe it's down
to the teens and the amount of money you
need to raise as a startup or even start
to build a product is no longer in the
tens of millions or even Millions maybe
it's in a couple hundred grand or so or
you may not even need to raise money you
can probably do a lot on your own now
and you can get a proof of concept out
and get feedback without even raising a
dollar because hosting and some of those
things don't cost much and you're going
to start seeing more pressure from
investors to show you more uh before you
even raise a dollar from and that's a
good thing because now investors will
say hey show me proof of concept and
show me you actually have traction
because that will become the Baseline
talk about data analytics too like data
analytic salaries we're talking data
sign salaries are really expensive if I
were trying to pull apart data and get
insight on Neil's millions of visits a
month or his answer to public tool I
might just plug my data into that plug
it into the the open AI API because
computers probably can do that better D
here here's the best part so on ubber r
on AWS we've been having calls with uh
Google and their Cloud team and they're
just like hey if you switch to us we'll
give you a discount you'll save quite a
bit of money we'll help with the
migration you don't have to worry about
migrating the tech SA or anything we'll
do it all for you but what was
interesting wasn't the money savings
although I do like that what was
interesting is they were saying hey you
have tons of data we have a lot of
different models on our end but'll help
slice and dice uh your data for you you
can ask questions and we can end up
spitting out Answers by Computing your
data and giving you insights that you
didn't have before that was interesting
like just think about what could be done
with AI you know for us to do that
before uh one of our guys who works with
us Carlos wanted a budget of around $550
or $580,000 a year to have a team of
people just slicing and dicing our data
and getting Insight so we can create
more um thought leadership type of
content but now imagine doing this all
with Google's Cloud solution and doing
it for free you know what's crazy too I
I forgot to mention this part Neil uh
someone offered on Twitter they hit me
up and the morning Brew founder
responded to something along the lines
of so this what this tool does is it
will pull imagine pulling all the
marking School episodes that we've done
and it will just automatically create
tweets for us and it also create the
images too and it'll create carousels as
well yep no and what's cool is with AI
it can dissect all the really cool stuff
from the content that we're producing
and we can just take those tidbits
because you can say hey what do you
think people like to learn about the
most from our content and then take
those tidbits and put on social and see
how it does and I I I don't think it's
really perfect right now to really help
us scoll our traffic but within a year
or two it'll get much better now if you
have any questions leave a comment below
I'm here to answer them and help you out
if you enjoyed the video like it share
tell people about it thank you very much